README.md, before:

# Gmail AI Reply Assistant

This Chrome extension uses AI to suggest replies to your emails directly in Gmail.

## Installation

1.  **Download the extension files:**
    *   Create a new folder on your computer named `gmail-ai-assistant`.
    *   Save all the files from this repository into that folder.

2.  **Load the extension in Chrome:**
    *   Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
    *   In the top right corner, turn on "Developer mode".
    *   Click on "Load unpacked".
    *   Select the `gmail-ai-assistant` folder.

## Configuration

1.  **Get a Gemini API Key:**
    *   Go to [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/).
    *   Click "Create API key in new project".
    *   Copy the generated API key.

2.  **Save your API Key:**
    *   Click the puzzle piece icon in your Chrome toolbar and pin the "Gmail AI Reply Assistant" extension.
    *   Click on the extension's icon.
    *   Paste your Gemini API key into the input box and click "Save Key".

## Usage

1.  Open any email in Gmail.
2.  Click the "✨ Suggest Reply" button.
3.  Three reply suggestions will appear. Click one to paste it into the reply box.
4.  You can also type a note and click "Refine" to get new suggestions.

Commit message:

Add MIT License and update README

README.md, after:

# Gmail AI Reply Assistant

This Chrome extension uses AI to suggest replies to your emails directly in Gmail.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Installation

1.  **Download the extension files:**
    *   Create a new folder on your computer named `gmail-ai-assistant`.
    *   Save all the files from this repository into that folder.

2.  **Load the extension in Chrome:**
    *   Open Google Chrome and navigate to `chrome://extensions`.
    *   In the top right corner, turn on "Developer mode".
    *   Click on "Load unpacked".
    *   Select the `gmail-ai-assistant` folder.

## Configuration

1.  **Get a Gemini API Key:**
    *   Go to [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/).
    *   Click "Create API key in new project".
    *   Copy the generated API key.

2.  **Save your API Key:**
    *   Click the puzzle piece icon in your Chrome toolbar and pin the "Gmail AI Reply Assistant" extension.
    *   Click on the extension's icon.
    *   Paste your Gemini API key into the input box and click "Save Key".

## Usage

1.  Open any email in Gmail.
2.  Click the "✨ Suggest Reply" button.
3.  Three reply suggestions will appear. Click one to paste it into the reply box.
4.  You can also type a note and click "Refine" to get new suggestions.
